

===== PAGE 1 =====

Endorsement Day 
SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 2026
From 10 AM to 3 PM at 
IBEW Local #5 at 5 Hot Metal St, Pittsburgh, PA 15203
2026 ENDORSEMENT 
ALLEGHENYDEMS.COM | (412) 481-5646 | INFO@ALLEGHENYDEMS.COM
Allegheny County Democratic Committee
VOTER GUIDE


===== PAGE 2 =====

Dear Allegheny County Democratic 
Committee Members,
We hope you will find this guide helpful as you make your decisions 
for Endorsement Day. Your decisions matter: In 2025, 96% of 
endorsed candidates won their races. An ACDC endorsement 
supports a coordinated, winning Democratic campaign operation 
that supports candidates form endorsement through Election Day. 
On Endorsement Day, ACDC members vote to endorse a slate of 
Democratic candidates for Congress, State Senate, State House, 
and State Committee. Candidates who receive the most votes win 
the ACDC Endorsement. 
John Ukenye, ACDC VICE-CHAIR
Thank you for voting. 
Kate Garfinkel, ACDC CHAIR  
ABOUT THIS VOTER GUIDE
This voter guide is made possible by contributions from the 
candidates who appear in the book. All candidate information was 
provided by the individual candidates. 
Thank you to volunteers Maya Fischhoff, Stacey Reibach, and Alan 
Olifson for their additional work producing the Voter Guide. It builds 
on the work of others including Nebraska Grayson and Addie Lord.
If you would like to support our efforts, please donate by mailing a  
check to ACDC, 22 Wabash Street, Suite 205, Pittsburgh, PA 
15220 or online at actblue.com/donate/alleghenydems.
2


===== PAGE 3 =====

REPRESENTATIVE IN CONGRESS
TERM
2 Years
ANNUAL SALARY
$176,000
POWERS & DUTIES
 » 1 of 435 Elected Members, 17 
in Pennsylvania
 » Create new laws and change laws
 » Introduce the annual budget and 
revenue bills
 » Provide oversight of the 
executive branch
 » Power to impeach the president 
and elect president in case of tie
DISTRICT 12
SUMMER LEE | summerforpa.com
Summer Lee is an organizer, attorney, and progressive legislator born 
and raised in the Mon Valley where she attended Woodland Hills 
public schools before graduating from Penn State and Howard Law.
Lee worked as a labor organizer and led voter mobilization for PA 
Dems, led a successful initiative to transform Woodland Hills School 
board, and made history beating a 20-year incumbent to become the 
first Black woman from Western Pennsylvania in the state legislature. 
Lee later co-founded UNITE, a grassroots organization that 
transformed regional politics by electing people-powered progressives up and down 
the ballot. In 2022, Summer was elected to represent Pennsylvania-12, overcoming 
millions in Republican-funded attacks to again make history as PA’s first Black US 
Congresswoman. In her first year, Lee brought home an unprecedented >$1 Billion 
in federal investments for Western PA to build infrastructure and affordable housing, 
create jobs, combat hunger, and clean our air + water.
DISTRICT 17
CHRIS DELUZIO | chrisforpa.com
Congressman Chris Deluzio is a Thornburg native and Iraq War 
veteran representing the 17th district of Pennsylvania in the U.S. 
House. Prior to his election, Chris worked as an attorney and 
protected voting rights and fair elections as the policy director at Pitt 
Cyber and previously at the Brennan Center for Justice. He also fought 
alongside fellow Pitt faculty members and the United Steelworkers as 
a member of the Pitt Faculty Organizing Committee to secure a faculty 
union at Pitt—the biggest union election in the country in 2021. In 
Congress, Chris is committed to fighting for our western Pennsylvania priorities—
ensuring strong labor unions, creating good-paying jobs, making stuff here at home, 
protecting reproductive freedom, standing up for our veterans, and building an 
economy that works for all. Chris lives with his wife, Zoë, three young children, and 
their dog, Yankee Doodle, in Aspinwall.
7


===== PAGE 4 =====

SENATOR IN THE  
GENERAL ASSEMBLY
DISTRICT 37
Aleppo, Bell Acres, Ben Avon Heights, Bethel Park, Bradford Woods, Bridgeville, Collier, Coraopolis 
Crescent, Edgeworth, Findlay, Franklin Park, Glen Osborne, Glenfield, Haysville, Heidelberg, Jefferson 
Hills, Kilbuck, Leet, Leetsdale, Marshall, McDonald, Moon, North Fayette, Oakdale, Ohio Township, 
Pennsbury Village, Pleasant Hills, Robinson, Rosslyn Farms, Sewickley, Sewickley Heights, Sewickley 
Hills, South Fayette, South Park, Thornburg, and Upper St. Clair
NICOLE RUSCITTO | nicoleforpa.com
Nicole Ruscitto embodies the spirit of Western Pennsylvania with a 
resume to prove it. Through her education at California University of 
Pennsylvania, Duquesne University, and the University of Pittsburgh, 
she gained the skills and experience she needed to be a successful 
teacher, mother, and councilwoman.
While working within the South Park School District, Ruscitto has 
connected deeply with the families and community that she serves 
both in the classroom and on the basketball court having led teams 
to many successful seasons. Her determination, strength, and experience shine 
through all her work, from her tenure on the Jefferson Hills Council to her teaching 
career, to her parenting of two sons. She and her husband (also a local sports coach) 
live in Jefferson Hills wth their younger son, while the older is a student-athlete at the 
University of Pittsburgh.
DISTRICT 43
Braddock Hills, Chalfant, Churchill, Edgewood, Forest Hills, Mount Oliver, Oakmont, Penn Hills, Rankin,  
Swissvale, Verona, Wilkins, and Wilkinsburg and Pittsburgh the neighborhoods of Allentown, Arlington,  
Arlington Heights, Beltzhoover, Bloomfield, Bon Air, Carrick, Friendship, Glen Hazel, Greenfield, 
Hazelwood,  
Hayes, Knoxville, Lincoln Place, Mt. Oliver, New Homestead, Oakland, Point Breeze, Regent Square, 
Shadyside, Southside Slopes, Southside Flats, Squirrel Hill, St. Clair, Swisshelm Park and a portion of East 
Liberty, East Hills, The Hill District, Homewood, and Mount Washington 
JAY COSTA, JR. | jaycosta.org
Senate Democratic Leader Jay Costa was elected to the Senate, and 
served as the Democratic chair of the powerful Judiciary and 
Appropriations Committees before being elected Leader of the 
Caucus in 2010. 
His Senate career has been highlighted by hundreds of millions 
in investment to Allegheny County — from roads and bridges, to 
schools and nonprofit organizations. He led the successful effort to 
invest $100m in youth mental health services this year, to end ‘lunch 
shaming’ of students living in poverty, to diversify jury pools and make criminal justice 
proceedings more accessible by providing interpreters. He was the lead advocate in 
the resolution of the UPMC/Highmark health care dispute that threatened access 
to care for thousands of residents. He’s sponsored legislation to raise the minimum 
wage, prevent gun violence, and protect affordable health care.
DISTRICT 45 
Baldwin Borough, Baldwin Township, Braddock, Brentwood, Clairton, Castle Shannon, Dravosburg, 
Duquesne, East McKeesport, East Pittsburgh, Elizabeth Borough, Elizabeth Township, Forward, Glassport, 
Homestead, Liberty, Lincoln, McKeesport, Monroeville, Munhall, North Braddock, North Versailles, 
Pitcairn, Plum, Port Vue, South Versailles, Trafford (Allegheny County Portion), Turtle Creek, Versailles, 
Wall, West Elizabeth, West Homestead, West Mifflin, Whitaker, White Oak, Whitehall and Wilmerding.
NICK PISCIOTTANO | nickforpa.com
In 2020, Nick was elected to the Pennsylvania State House with the 
determination that all families would receive the same opportunities 
for a healthy and prosperous life in Allegheny County.
He has delivered on that commitment.
Nick has been a champion for working families passing bills to 
amend the constitution to guarantee workers’ rights, ban junk 
fees, help with medical debt repayment, and allow direct deposit of 
workers comp payment.
As State Senator, Nick will continue to make sure that the communities in Allegheny 
County’s East Hills, South Hills, and Mon Valley receive their fair share of state 
resources for our local parks, job creation, economic development, first responders, 
senior citizens and more.
A lifelong resident of Allegheny County, Nick graduated from West Mifflin High 
School before earning degrees at Washington & Jefferson College and Johns Hopkins 
University. Nick lives in West Mifflin with his wife and son.
MAKENZIE WHITE | makenzieforpa.com
Makenzie is a passionate and dedicated licensed social worker, 
public health professional, community organizer, and small business 
owner who has spent her career in the non-profit sector. She is 
running to represent District 45 in the Pennsylvania State Senate 
because she believes that her neighbors deserve to live, work, and 
play in safe, healthy, and prosperous communities.
She began her career working alongside adults with intellectual and 
physical disabilities and later in a mental health residential. Makenzie 
later supported communities of southwestern Pennsylvania impacted by oil and gas 
development. Makenzie continues to work with organizations focused on a just 
transition to a greener economy that centers community solutions.
Witnessing firsthand, the impact of corporate greed and exploitation on working 
class communities, while working directly with individuals, families, and communities 
directly informs Makenzie’s policy work. Makenzie will advocate for a strong 
workforce, safe communities, and healthy families.
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
TERM
4 Years
ANNUAL SALARY
$106,422
POWERS & DUTIES
 » Chamber of 50 members
 » With House of Representatives, 
retains legislative authority of the 
Commonwealth
 » Adopt capital budget for each 
fiscal year
 » Create the rules of conduct and 
business of the Senate at the 
beginning of each session
8


===== PAGE 5 =====

REPRESENTATIVE IN THE 
GENERAL ASSEMBLY
TERM
2 Years
ANNUAL SALARY
$106,422
POWERS & DUTIES
 » Chamber of 203 members
 » With State Senate, make up the 
sole legislative authority of the 
Commonwealth 
 » Adopt capital budget for each 
fiscal year 
 » Create the rules of conduct and 
business of the chamber at the 
beginning of each session
DISTRICT 19
Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Allentown, Chartiers City, Central Business District, Esplen, Glen Hazel, 
Hazelwood, Knoxville, South Oakland, and Uptown, includes most of the North Side and portions of 
Beltzhoover, Elliott, Fineview, Mount Washington, Sheraden, South Side Flats, and South Oakland
AERION ANDREW ABNEY | voteaerionabney.com
Aerion is a social worker who understands how policy impacts 
people’s quality of life. His sponsored and co-sponsored legislation 
reflects his social work background and desire to view legislation 
through the eyes of the people impacted.
He is running for re-election to the State House. In his first two  
years in the position he has helped bring back over $60M in state 
funding to his district, helping to build for the posterity of current and 
future generations.
Aerion is a resident of Manchester on the North Side of Pittsburgh where he lives with 
his wife and their two young sons.
DISTRICT 20
Avalon, Bellevue, West View, Ross Township and Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Brighton Heights, Perry 
North, and some of Summer Hill
EMILY KINKEAD | emily4pa20.com
Representative Emily Kinkead has served the 20th District since she 
was elected in 2020. As a freshman legislator, she was assigned to 
serve on the House Appropriations, Judiciary, Human Services, and 
Agriculture & Rural Affairs Committees. Kinkead now serves as 
Secretary of both Human Services and Agriculture Committees. 
Additionally, she serves as Chair of the Judiciary Subcommittee on 
Crime & Corrections and the Appropriations Subcommittee on Fiscal 
Policy. She is the House Chair of the Legislative Hunger Caucus and 
on the Leadership Team of the Progressive Caucus.
While in office, Kinkead has vocally championed policies that help working families 
and raise up communities – criminal justice reform, affordable housing, livable wages, 
worker protections, healthcare, addressing systemic racism, LGBTQIA+ equality, 
reproductive justice, adequately funding education, and more. She’s also focused on 
local issues like addressing blight and landslides.
A native Northsider, Emily lives in Brighton Heights with her cats and dog.
DISTRICT 21
Etna, Reserve, Millville, Shaler Township and Pittsburgh neighborhoods of East Allegheny, Lawrenceville, 
Spring Garden, The Strip District, and Troy Hill, and portions of Bloomfield, Morningside, and Spring Hill-
City View 
LINDSAY POWELL | lindsaypowellforpa.com
Lindsay Powell was elected to the House in 2023 to represent the  
21st Legislative District in Allegheny County. Before being elected, 
Powell had more than a decade of public policy service in all levels  
of government.
Powell earned a BA in Sociology from Wheaton College and a MS in 
Public Policy Management from Carnegie Mellon University Heinz 
College. She also won CMU Heinz College’s Otto A. Davis Award, 
which recognizes a graduate’s commitment to racial and social justice.
Key issues for Powell include safe and dignified housing for all, helping working 
families, assisting small businesses and strengthening the local economy, and 
increasing the number of community assets.
Powell resides in Lawrenceville with her beloved dog, Willow.
DISTRICT 23
Pittsburgh Neighborhoods of Central Oakland, Greenfield, Regent Square, Squirrel Hill, Swisshelm Park, 
portions of North Oakland, Point Breeze, Shadyside, and South Oakland
DAN FRANKEL | electdanfrankel.com
Since 1999, Dan Frankel has served Pennsylvania’s 23rd district, 
which includes the neighborhoods of Squirrel Hill, Oakland, Point 
Breeze, Regent Square, Greenfield, Hazelwood, and Shadyside. At the 
statehouse, he is a leading voice for social justice, women’s health, 
environmental protection, and gun regulation. He grew up in the 
district, watching Pittsburgh begin the transition away from its 
industrial roots and seeing how those changes affected the lives 
around him.
As Majority Chairman of the Health Committee, he works to pass public policies that 
protect the vulnerable, address racial and other disparities, and reflect the scientific 
consensus. In addition, he is a co-chair of the Pennsylvania Jewish Legislative Caucus 
and the PA SAFE Caucus.
DISTRICT 24
Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Bloomfield, East Liberty, East Hills, Friendship, Garfield, Highland Park, The 
Hill District, Larimer, Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar, Morningside and portions of Homewood, North Oakland, 
Shadyside, Stanton Heights, and West Oakland
LA’TASHA D. MAYES | latashaforpa.com
Rep. La’Tasha D. Mayes was elected to the Pennsylvania House of 
Representatives in 2022 and just began her second year of her first 
term in office. Raised in West Philadelphia, Mayes moved to 
Pittsburgh in 1999 to attend college and has been a dedicated 
community leader in the region for two decades.
Mayes is a graduate of the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie 
Mellon University and Mayes also completed the Executive Program in 
Social Impact Strategy at the University of Pennsylvania.
As the founder and former president and CEO of New Voices for Reproductive 
Justice for 18 years, Mayes garnered national attention and a statewide reputation 
as an unwavering advocate for improving the health and well-being of Black women, 
femmes, girls, and gender-expansive folx.
Mayes is the first woman to ever represent the 24th Legislative District and the first 
out lesbian to ever serve in the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
DISTRICT 25
East McKeesport, Monroeville, North Versailles, Pitcairn, Trafford (Allegheny County Portion), Turtle 
Creek, Wall, Wilmerding and part of Plum Borough
BRANDON J. MARKOSEK | markosek4pa.com
Since his election in 2018 Brandon has been a proven fighter for the 
25th district. Brandon was elected to the Pennsylvania House of 
Representatives in 2018. Since being sworn in he has authored 
numerous pieces of legislation that have been passed the House. He 
has also led the charge for supporting and promoting handicapped 
citizens of our commonwealth. Brandon was chosen to serve as 
co-chair of the house Autism and Disabilities caucus. Brandon’s 
efforts have also led to the procurement of over ten million dollars of 
local grants to municipalities for infrastructure needs, schools, parks, and public 
safety. Brandon is a strong supporter of all first responders in Pennsylvania. Markosek 
is also a Board member for VisitMonroeville, Friends of Monroeville Library, and is 
active in the Monroeville Chamber of Commerce.
DISTRICT 27
Crafton, Green Tree, Heidelberg, Ingram, Rosslyn Farms, Scott Township,Thornburg, and Pittsburgh 
neighborhoods of Banksville, Crafton Heights, Duquesne Heights, East Carnegie, Fairywood, Oakwood, 
Ridgemont, West End, Westwood, and Windgap with portions of Beechview, Elliott, Mount Washington, 
Sharaden, and South Shore
DANIEL J. DEASY 
Dan Deasy was first elected to the PA House of Representatives in 
2008. A lifelong resident of the legislative district, Deasy lives in 
Westwood with his wife Kelly. They are the proud parents of four adult 
children. Deasy attended Bishop Canevin High School and the 
University of Pittsburgh. Prior to being elected to the House, Deasy 
served on Pittsburgh City Council, where he fought for the reopening 
of Pittsburgh’s Zone 6 Police Station, which remains open today. 
As the Chairman of the House Liquor Control Committee, Deasy fights 
efforts to privatize our state liquor store system and advocates for the preservation of 
over 3,500 family-sustaining jobs.
In addition to striving to provide the best constituent service to the residents of 
his district, his priorities include: protecting voter rights, supporting programs that 
benefit senior citizens and veterans, expanding access to mental health services, 
promoting economic development and protecting our environment.
DISTRICT 28 
Bradford Woods, Marshall, Pine, Richland, West Deer and part of Hampton Township
BILL PETULLA | billpetulla.com
Bill Petulla is running to be the next State Representative in House 
District 28 to keep families safe and bring proven leadership to 
Harrisburg. After graduating from Washburn University School of  
Law, Bill turned down offers at big law firms, instead starting his  
career as a parental advocate representing families facing the loss of 
their children. 
He then represented abused and neglected children across Allegheny 
County at KidsVoice. For the last 15 years, Bill has served in the 
District Attorney’s office fighting for survivors of domestic violence and prosecuting 
violent crimes in Allegheny County.
Before serving as the Chief Trial Deputy, Bill was an active member of the United 
Steelworkers union, and will always advocate for good paying union jobs. Currently, 
Bill leads a large team of prosecutors as they work to ensure justice is properly served 
in the face of violent crime.
DISTRICT 30 
Ben Avon, Ben Avon Heights, Emsworth, Franklin Park, Kilbuck, McCandless, Ohio Township, and part of 
Hampton Township 
ARVIND VENKAT | venkatforpa.com
Rep. Arvind Venkat, an emergency physician, was elected to serve his 
first term in the state House of Representatives in November 2022. 
He is the first Indian American to be elected to the state House and 
the first physician to serve in the General Assembly in nearly 60 years.
Venkat is a fighter for accessible and affordable healthcare, investing 
in our first responders, protecting reproductive rights, curbing gun 
violence, expanding access to the ballot box for all voters, and getting 
more people back into the workforce.
His parents immigrated to the US, and it was their hard work and commitment to 
service that inspired him to become a physician.
Venkat completed his undergraduate and graduate education at Harvard University, 
his medical education at Yale University, and his emergency medicine  residency at 
the University of Cincinnati/University Hospital. Venkat currently lives in McCandless 
with his wife and three children.
DISTRICT 32
Oakmont, Penn Hills, Verona, and part of Plum Borough
JOE MCANDREW| votejoemcandrew.com
Joe grew up in a working family — his mom is a bus garage manager 
and his dad is a union mechanic. Joe honors the value of hard work 
and became State Rep. to make sure our State Legislature is putting 
working Pennsylvanians first. In his role as State Representative,  
Joe has stood for Democratic Policies that have brought PA forward. 
Joe and his wife, Michelle (Bertoni) McAndrew, own his great-
grandmother’s house in Penn Hills, where they’re raising their  
three daughters.
Joe is a husband, father and dedicated public servant. As your State Representative, 
Joe will always:
 » Work to fully fund our public schools and reduce property taxes
 » Support local businesses and bring high paying jobs
 » Fight against Corporate Greed
 » Protect women’s rights and ensure reproductive freedom for all
 » Look after our families and neighborhoods by fully funding our police & fire and 
our family & youth services
ALSO APPEARING ON THE BALLOT:
PAULINE CALABRESE | paulinecalabrese.com
DISTRICT 33
Aspinwall, Blawnox, Brackenridge, Cheswick, East Deer, Fawn, Fox Chapel, Frazer, Harmar, Harrison, 
Indiana Township, O’Hara Township, Sharpsburg, Springdale Borough, Springdale Township, Tarentum
MANDY STEELE | steeleforpa.com
Mandy Steele was elected to the State House in 2022 to serve the 
people of District 33. During her freshman year, she directed a record 
$9.7 million in funding to her district, had immense legislative 
success, passing bills focused on protecting working families, the 
environment, and economic development, and has dedicated an 
immense amount of time in supporting first responders. She is a wife, 
mother, nonprofit operator, and a lifelong resident of District 33. State 
Representative Mandy Steele is getting it done for the families of 
District 33 and will continue to fight in Harrisburg to make our communities the best 
they can be for generations to come.
DISTRICT 34
Braddock, Braddock Hills, Chalfant, Churchill, East Pittsburgh, Edgewood, Forest Hills, North Braddock, 
Rankin, Swissvale, Wilkins, Wilkinsburg, and Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Point Breeze North, and 
portions of Homewood South, and Point Breeze
ABIGAIL SALISBURY | salisburyforpa.com
Abigail Salisbury is the incumbent State Representative for District 34 
and was elected in the February 2023 special election. Previously, she 
served on Swissvale Borough Council for five years. In her first year as 
state rep, Salisbury has worked to deliver on her commitment to the 
13 municipalities in her district by working to increase availability of 
grant information, providing grants training, and hosting intermunicipal 
meetings of elected officials. Building on her past experience as a sole 
practitioner attorney for nonprofits and as an executive director, she 
founded the PA Charitable Nonprofit Caucus, a bipartisan and bicameral entity aimed 
at improving the state’s relationship with and services to charities in the state. 
Salisbury passed bills aimed at fighting blight and providing grant writing assistance 
to municipalities with low-income census tracts in 2023, among other legislative 
initiatives. She hopes to continue building on these successes in 2024 and beyond.
ASHLEY COMANS | ashleycomans.com
A lifelong resident of the new 34th District, Ashley Comans is a 
passionate community advocate who is motivated by her belief that 
it’s on us to create positive narratives and outcomes in our 
community. As a graduate of our public schools, Ashley understands 
the strength of our region is in our diversity.
Elected as a School Board Director in Wilkinsburg in 2017, she also 
works in the non-profit sector addressing maternal and child health 
inequities that disproportionately affect this district and communities 
across Pennsylvania. Ashley and her husband Dontae are raising their two young 
children, Beau and Bellamy, in Wilkinsburg.
DISTRICT 35
Clairton, Duquesne, Homestead, Liberty, Lincoln, McKeesport, Munhall, Port Vue, South Versailles, 
Versailles, West Homestead, Whitaker, White Oak, and part of West Mifflin 
MATTHEW R. GERGELY
Matthew Gergely was elected to the House in 2023 to represent the 
35th Legislative District in Allegheny County. Gergely earned a 
Bachelor of Science degree from the Indiana University of Pennsylvania 
and has worked in the McKeesport community for 20 years in multiple 
management and financial positions. Gergely served as City 
Administrator and Chief of Staff to McKeesport Mayor Michael 
Cherepko from 2012-17 and then as McKeesport Area School 
District’s Business Manager from 2017-2020. 
Before he became state representative, he held the position of McKeesport’s Chief 
Revenue Officer. Key issues for Gergely include supporting public schools and  
strong unions. 
He is married with two young children.
DISTRICT 36
Brentwood, Mount Oliver, and Pittsburgh Neighborhoods of Arlington, Arlington Heights, Bon Air, 
Brookline, Carrick, Mt. Oliver, Overbook, St. Clair, South Side Slopes and portions of Beechview, 
Beltzhoover, Mount Washington and South Side Flats
JESSICA BENHAM | benhamforpa.com
Jessica Benham is the State Representative for Pennsylvania House 
District 36, covering portions of the City of Pittsburgh and its suburbs. 
As a state representative, she has passed legislation through the PA 
House that focuses on increasing public safety, fighting for access to 
healthcare, a clean and healthy environment, fair funding for 
education, and LGBTQ and disability rights. Since her election in 
2020, Jessica has brought millions of dollars into the district to invest 
in infrastructure, green spaces, education, violence prevention, and 
public safety. State Representative Jessica Benham has fought for budgets every year 
that cut cost of living, and invest your tax dollars into public education, public health, 
infrastructure and emergency preparedness, support for families, workforce 
development, and investments in businesses.
DISTRICT 38 
Baldwin, Dravosburg, Glassport, Whitehall, a portion of West Mifflin, and Pittsburgh neighborhoods of 
Hays, Lincoln Place, and New Homestead
JOHN INGLIS | inforinglis.com
A lifelong resident of West Mifflin, John knows that the best part of the 
38th district is its people. As a public school counselor and teacher, 
John has had the privilege to work every day with our region’s 
students. He understands the value of our public education system, 
and the need to turn it into a world-class institution. As a union 
member, John has seen the power of organized labor in improving not 
only his own life, but the lives of the whole community. John is 
dedicated to protecting and expanding the union way of life. As a 
twice-elected member of the West Mifflin Borough Council, John has advocated 
passionately for all our first responders   — knowing our community would be nothing 
without their service. John is running for state representative because we must create 
great opportunities worthy of the great people who call our district, county, and 
Commonwealth home.
ANTHONY J. OLASZ | olaszforpa38.net
A.J. Olasz, rooted in generations of community service, is a dynamic 
figure with deep ties to Allegheny County. He comes from a family 
legacy of public service, including a grandfather who was a respected 
State Representative. AJ excelled academically and athletically at 
West Mifflin High School. As a star pitcher for the University of 
Cincinnati Bearcats, he later earned his juris doctor from Northern 
Kentucky University.
AJ currently works with Dodaro, Matta & Cambest, P.C., specializing 
in Municipal & School Law, as AJ prepares for the Bar exam. Drawing empathy 
from experiences with the District Attorney’s office, he envisions addressing 
underlying challenges faced by individuals in the Criminal Justice System as a State 
Representative. AJ resides in West Mifflin, volunteers as a Baseball Coach and enjoys 
golfing with his father. Each day, he embraces the opportunity to positively impact the 
lives of those he serves.
ALSO APPEARING ON THE BALLOT:
VICTORIA SCHMOTZER
DISTRICT 39
Elizabeth Borough, Elizabeth Township, Forward, Jefferson Hills, Pleasant Hills, South Park West 
Elizabeth, and part of Washington County
APPEARING ON THE BALLOT:
ANGELA GIROL | angela4pa.com
DISTRICT 42
Baldwin, Castle Shannon, Dormont, Mount Lebanon, and part of Upper St. Clair 
DAN MILLER | votedanmiller.com
Dan came to Pittsburgh with his wife Kim and started work as a public 
defender and became a dues paying member of the United 
Steelworkers. He then joined the Mt. Lebanon Fire Department and 
was elected Mt. Lebanon Commissioner in 2007. Becoming a county 
solicitor working in child welfare, Dan was then elected to the state 
House in a 2013 special election. As state representative he focuses 
most of his efforts on disability and mental health issues, education, 
labor and criminal justice reform. Dan went on to be elected to 
Delegation Chair, Caucus Chair, and most recently as House Majority Whip where he 
coordinates floor activity for the entire Democratic Caucus.
DISTRICT 44 
Aleppo, Bell Acres, Crescent, Edgeworth, Findlay, Glen Osborne, Glenfield, Haysville, Leet, Leetsdale, 
Moon, North Fayette, Sewickley, Sewickley Heights, and Sewickley Hills
HADLEY HAAS | hadleyforpa.com
Hadley is a mother, marketing communications professional and a 
fierce advocate for families of children with hearing loss who is 
running for State House to be a voice for Allegheny County families. 
She is an Everytown Demand a Seat Candidate, an Emerge 2023 
Candidate, and an active volunteer with the PA chapter of Moms 
Demand Action. Hadley has worked with lawmakers to advocate for 
responsible gun safety legislation to keep our kids and community 
safe from senseless violence. As a mother of two boys in public school 
and member of the QV Strong Steering Committee, Hadley knows what our schools 
and educators need to ensure a quality education for all of our students.
DISTRICT 45 
Bridgeville, Carnegie, Collier, Coraopolis, Kennedy, McKees Rocks, Neville Island, Pennsbury Village, 
Robinson, and Stowe 
ANITA ASTORINO KULIK | anitaastorinokulik.com
State Representative Anita Astorino Kulik has served in the 
Pennsylvania House of Representatives since 2017 as the 
Representative of the 45th Legislative District. Having served on 
numerous committees over her tenure, Rep. Kulik currently serves as 
the Majority Chair of the House Game and Fisheries Committee, the 
first woman to hold this chairmanship.
Born and raised in Carnegie and spending the past 29 years living 
in Kennedy Township, Rep. Kulik has spent her lifetime in the 45th 
District. She attended grade school at Sts. Simon and Jude in Scott Township, 
graduated from Bishop Canevin High School and received both a B.A. and J.D. from 
Duquesne University.
Rep. Kulik has over 30 years of experience in the legal profession, from clerking in the 
Common Pleas and Superior Courts to private practice. Prior to being elected to the 
Pennsylvania House, she served as a Township Commissioner for Kennedy Township.
DISTRICT 46
South Fayette Township, and McDonald Borough, Oakdale, and a part of Washington County
APPEARING ON THE BALLOT:
ALEX TAYLOR
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
ENDORSED by ACDC
9


===== PAGE 6 =====

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
TERM
4 Years
ANNUAL SALARY
$400,000
POWERS & DUTIES
 » Head of State 
 » Commander in Chief
 » Appoint heads of federal agencies
 » Conduct diplomacy 
 » Sign or veto bills that passed 
by Congress
 » Execute and enforce federal laws
 » Extend pardons or clemency 
TERM
6 Years
ANNUAL SALARY
$176,000
POWERS & DUTIES
 » Create and change existing laws
 » Confirm presidential 
appointments
 » Power to ratify treaties
 » Oversight of executive branch
 » Serve on Senate committees that 
examine certain policy areas
UNITED STATES SENATOR
ROBERT P. CASEY, JR. | bobcasey.com
Bob Casey was born and raised in Scranton, where he lives today. He 
brings the Pennsylvania values of hard work and perseverance to his 
service in the U.S. Senate. He believes that all of us must strive to 
make Pennsylvania a Commonwealth in life as well as in name, facing 
our biggest challenges head-on, and facing them together.
Bob Casey has dedicated his career to fighting for the most vulnerable 
among us. His ABLE Act, which allows people with disabilities to 
save for their future, has been called the most significant disability 
legislation passed into law since the Americans with Disabilities Act. He worked to 
cap the cost of insulin at $35 for seniors, and helped pass the PACT Act to provide 
care to veterans who have suffered after being exposed to toxic burn pits. Throughout 
his time in public service, Bob Casey has been a steadfast and nationally recognized 
advocate for Pennsylvania’s children.
JOSEPH R. BIDEN, JR. | joebiden.com
President Biden and Vice President Harris are delivering results for 
working families, keeping families safe, and protecting fundamental 
freedoms that Trump wants to rip away. The Biden-Harris 
Administration is creating good-paying jobs, lowering costs for 
families, protecting reproductive rights, keeping our communities 
safe, and rebuilding the Commonwealth’s infrastructure. Under 
President Biden, more than $14 billion has been invested in hundreds 
of specific Pennsylvania infrastructure projects including rebuilding 
roads and bridges, revitalizing public transit, ports and airports, creating clean water 
infrastructure, and providing affordable, reliable high-speed internet. Since taking 
office, the Biden-Harris administration has overseen the creation of 547,000 
Pennsylvania jobs, took on Big Pharma to bring down prescription drug costs, capped 
the cost of insulin at $35 a month for the over 2.8 million Pennsylvania residents with 
Medicare, and delivered student debt relief for 66,000 Pennsylvanians through 
improvements to public service loan forgiveness and income-driven repayment 
programs alone.
ENDORSED by PADems
ENDORSED by PADems
3


===== PAGE 7 =====

ATTORNEY GENERAL
KEIR BRADFORD-GREY | keirforag.com
Pennsylvania has never elected a woman of color to any statewide 
executive office — Keir Bradford-Grey will change that, and fight for 
us as the progressive People’s Attorney.
Raised in a proud union household, Keir saw as a young girl the 
impact the law could have on families like hers, and dedicated herself 
to using the law to protect people. Now a nationally-recognized state 
and federal defender for more than two decades, Keir has worked to 
create a justice system that makes our communities safer.
Keir was the first African American to lead public defender offices in Montgomery 
County—where she was appointed by now-Governor Josh Shapiro—and Philadelphia 
County, ultimately overseeing a staff of 500+ and a $50M budget. As Attorney 
General, she’ll use her legal acumen to defend abortion rights and stand up to 
powerful interests who take advantage of working people, fighting financial scams, 
gun violence, and more.
EUGENE DEPASQUALE | depasqualeforag.com
A Pittsburgh native, Eugene DePasquale is the former two-term 
Auditor General of Pennsylvania—the state’s top fiscal watchdog. His 
leadership exposed nearly $2 billion in waste, fraud and abuse. 
Eugene has a record of taking on tough fights and delivering real 
results, including reducing the statewide backlog of thousands of 
untested rape kits, reforming the child-abuse hotline, securing our 
voting systems, and holding charter schools accountable to parents 
and taxpayers.
Prior to serving as Auditor, Eugene was a Representative to the General Assembly, 
where he fought for fairer funding for public schools, investing in clean energy, and 
making government more transparent. He has a 100% pro-choice lifetime rating from 
Planned Parenthood and 100% pro-labor record with the PA AFL-CIO. 
Eugene has a MPA from the University of Pittsburgh, and a JD from  
Widener University School of Law. He is currently an Adjunct Professor at the  
University of Pittsburgh.
JOE KHAN | joekhan.com
The most experienced prosecutor of all the candidates, Joe is the 
battle-tested Democrat who has protected Pennsylvania for 24 years. 
Raised by a Muslim immigrant and a Catholic nurse in a Jewish 
neighborhood, Joe stands up for everyone. Guided by his law 
professor, Barack Obama, Joe became a federal prosecutor who 
protected our kids and took on corruption. He sued Big Pharma over 
the opioid crisis before becoming the Bucks County Solicitor. Joe’s 
enforcement of our environmental protections earned him the 
endorsement of Clean Air Action. His advocacy for abortion rights earned him a target 
from MAGA extremists. And Joe’s leadership of County Solicitors to stop Trump  
from stealing the 2020 election earned him — at the recommendation of the 
Allegheny County Solicitor — PA’s Outstanding Solicitor Award. Joe is proud to be a 
public school dad and grad who helped kick the “Moms for Liberty” off of his kids’ 
school board.
JACK STOLLSTEIMER | jackforag.com
In one of America’s most violent cities, Jack reduced gun incidents in 
Chester by 72% and gun homicides by 68%. Jack eliminated the only 
private prisons in PA, and reduced the prison population by 40%. He 
created the first environmental crimes unit in Pennsylvania, ensuring 
the protection of our planet for future generations. Jack fought for 
women’s rights, fighting the Dobbs decision by signing a pledge along 
with Attorney General Shapiro vowing to never to prosecute a woman 
for having an abortion. Jack  decriminalized marijuana and sued 
opioid manufacturers. Jack’s diverse experience, from prosecuting criminals to 
advocating for safer schools  positions him as a candidate for Attorney General with a 
proven legal track record. Endorsed by EAS Carpenters, Pittsburgh Philadelphia and 
Pennsylvania Building Trades. Jack is the only candidate in this race with a track 
record of real impactful change, and if you don’t know that, you don’t know Jack.
ALSO APPEARING ON THE BALLOT:
JARED SOLOMON | jaredsolomon.com
TERM
4 Years
ANNUAL SALARY
$197,748
POWERS & DUTIES
 » Chief law enforcement officer for 
the Commonwealth
 » Represent the Commonwealth in 
any lawsuit involving 
the Commonwealth 
 » Administer consumer 
protection laws 
 » Represent the Commonwealth or 
residents in antitrust suits brought
by the Federal Government
4
4


===== PAGE 8 =====

RYAN BIZZARRO | teambizzpa.com
Ryan Bizzarro is running for Treasurer to protect important programs, 
protect our pensions, and to protect Pennsylvanians from extremists. 
Ryan, an award-winning legislator from Erie, serves as House Majority 
Policy Committee Chairman. He has been recognized for his statewide 
leadership working across Pennsylvania to ensure all voices are heard 
in Harrisburg. Ryan is the only candidate in this race that is battle-
tested and proven, beating Republicans and outperforming the top of 
the ticket for over a decade. He is also the only candidate with both 
direct state budget and legislative experience. Pledging to be the “People’s Treasurer” 
by opening regional offices, Ryan will offer enhanced financial literacy programs and 
more efficiently and effectively return billions of dollars in unclaimed property. Ryan 
will enact programs to help Pennsylvanians be financially secure well into their 
retirement. He is running against Pennsylvania’s highest-ranking extremist 
officeholder, Treasurer Stacy Garrity, who worked to overturn election results and 
supports criminalizing abortion. Ryan Bizzarro will defend Pennsylvania from 
extremism; protect women’s rights in Pennsylvania; and restore sanity, stability, and 
sensibility to the Treasurer’s Office.
ALSO APPEARING ON THE BALLOT:
ERIN MCCLELLAND | erinmcclelland.com
STATE TREASURER
TERM
4 Years
ANNUAL SALARY
$197,748
POWERS & DUTIES
 » Chief financial officer for the state
 » Serves as Chair of the Board of 
Finance and Revenue
 » Hears and decides state tax 
appeals
 » Responsible for receipt and 
deposit of state monies, 
investment management
 » Reunites unclaimed property with 
rightful owner
ENDORSED by PADems
MAKE CHECKS OUT TO:  
Allegheny County Democratic Committee 
22 Wabash Street Ste 205 
Pittsburgh, PA 15220
5
Allegheny County leads Pennsylvania in Vote by Mail Ballots. This year 
drop boxes will be available to return your ballot safely and in time. 
Save our Democracy. Sign up to Vote by Mail and Stop Trump Now.
APPLY AT VOTE.PA.GOV OR CALL US AT (412) 481-5646
SIGN UP FOR VOTE BY MAIL


===== PAGE 9 =====

AUDITOR GENERAL
MALCOM KENYATTA | malcolmkenyatta.com
MARK PINSLEY | votemarkpinsley.com
TERM
4 Years
ANNUAL SALARY
$197,748
POWERS & DUTIES
 » Chief fiscal watchdog of the 
Commonwealth
 » Conducts performance audits, 
fiscal audits, and attestestation 
engagements
 » Auditing oversight of state 
agencies, funds and programs, 
district courts, county row offices, 
corporate tax returns, and others
ENDORSED by PADems
6
Donations from Democrats across Allegheny County show 
strong, local support, which is instrumental in fighting against 
Super PAC dollars streaming in against Democrats. Use the QR 
Code to set up a recurring donation! 
FIGHT FOR DEMOCRACY,
CONTRIBUTE TO ACDC NOW!


===== PAGE 10 =====

NON-PROFIT ORG
U. S. POSTAGE
PAID
PA DEMOCRATIC
PARTY
Paid for and Authorized by the 
Pennsylvania Democratic Party
229 State Street
Harrisburg, PA 17101-1110
www.padems.com
PRIMARY ELECTION
April 23, 2024
VOTER INFORMATION
vote.pa.gov
DIVO-P24
COUNTY ELECTION INFORMATION
For local candidates, 
sample ballots, 
and polling place 
information